docs: update monorepo autolinking section with a disclaimer (#1341)
react-native-community/cli: docs/autolinking.md

- path to `native_modules.rb` in your `ios/Podfile`
- path to `native_modules.gradle` in your `android/settings.gradle`
- path to `native_modules.gradle` in your `android/app/build.gradle`

> Another note: Dependencies are only linked if they are listed in the package.json of the mobile workspace.  For example, with this file structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependencies are only linked if they are listed in the package.json of the mobile workspace, where "react-native" dependency if defined. For example, with this file structure:
```

- path to `native_modules.rb` in your `ios/Podfile`
- path to `native_modules.gradle` in your `android/settings.gradle`
- path to `native_modules.gradle` in your `android/app/build.gradle`

Another note: Dependencies are only linked if they are listed in the package.json of the mobile workspace.  For example, with this file structure:
```
/root
  /packages
    /mobile
      /ios
      /android
      package.json <-- Only dependencies listed here are auto-linked
    /components
      package.json <-- Dependencies here are ignored when auto-linking
  package.json
```

> In this example, if you add a package with native code as a dependecy of `components`, you need to also add it as a dependency of `mobile` for auto-linking to work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, if you add a package with native code as a dependency of `components`, you need to also add it as a dependency of `mobile` for auto-linking to work.
```
